<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Meetingnotes on HKU Student Union</title>
    <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/</link>
    <description>Recent content in Meetingnotes on HKU Student Union</description>
    <generator>Hugo</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Sat, 13 Sep 2025 11:08:10 +0200</lastBuildDate>
    <atom:link href="http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    <item>
      <title>Meeting Notes September 11 2025</title>
      <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/250912-1stmeetingoftheyear/</link>
      <pubDate>Sat, 13 Sep 2025 11:08:10 +0200</pubDate>
      <guid>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/250912-1stmeetingoftheyear/</guid>
      <description>The First meeting of the school year, to discuss some of our goals and what the next steps are for the Union</description>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Meeting Notes June 14</title>
      <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/061425cvbmeetingnotes/</link>
      <pubDate>Sat, 14 Jun 2025 19:56:30 +0200</pubDate>
      <guid>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/061425cvbmeetingnotes/</guid>
      <description>Meeting notes of June 14 2025, mainly about the action of June 17</description>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Meeting Notes June 5 2025</title>
      <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/meetingnotes_060425/</link>
      <pubDate>Fri, 06 Jun 2025 10:21:54 +0200</pubDate>
      <guid>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/meetingnotes_060425/</guid>
      <description>About the action to hand over our bundle of thoughts to the CvB and moving it to the 17th, a new edition of the newsletter and an ant end party at the end of the school year.</description>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>Meeting Notes May 29 2025</title>
      <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/meetingnotes_052925/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 29 May 2025 23:52:10 +0200</pubDate>
      <guid>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/meetingnotes_052925/</guid>
      <description>About the workshop policy and a follow-up email to the CvB, planning an action for the workshops, discussed next school year and how to introduce the new first years to the Union,</description>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title></title>
      <link>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/25-09-12---1st-meeting-of-the-year/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      <guid>http://localhost:1313/archive/meetingnotes/25-09-12---1st-meeting-of-the-year/</guid>
      <description>&lt;h1 id=&#34;25-09-12---1st-meeting-of-the-year&#34;&gt;25-09-12 - 1st meeting of the year&lt;/h1&gt;&#xA;&lt;h2 id=&#34;tldr&#34;&gt;TLDR:&lt;/h2&gt;&#xA;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Vidius:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#xA;&lt;p&gt;A big portion of the talk was about the meeting Roos, Pier, and Fransisco had with vidius on 11 september 2025. The Union is now an official action group of VIDIUS. This means we can use their network to our advantage (and vice versa), and we will be able to recieve some money from them.&lt;/p&gt;&#xA;&lt;p&gt;Very soon they will have a talk with the CvB, about some of our points, like microsoft, institutional racism etc.&lt;/p&gt;</description>
    </item>
  </channel>
</rss>
