+++
date = '2025-06-14T19:56:30+02:00'
draft = false
title = 'Meeting Notes June 14'
summary = 'Meeting notes of June 14 2025, mainly about the action of June 17'
categories = ['']
tags = ['']
+++

### Action Tuesday

Is it still even worth our time to spread news about the action? there will probably be like 10 people, we can also frame it like a conversation. But we can use the Cvb not wanting to talk to the group again as leverage, so the action can still do something. But there are a lot of deadlines.There should be like 10 people to make it credible. We should ask in the groups how many people are going to show up, we can also use the whatsapp groupchat. No need to send it through all the whatsapp groups. we can try to send the form anyway.

_Who is going to the meeting_
Robin roos pier are going to a meeting about the room on 24th, so it would be best if other people can go. Doubble check with Luka, anke?

RIP dit posterdesign. We will not be using the poster for big spreading the word. It is very funny but only internally. Pier en Robin will be backup  
We need to make sure we know our shit. Who is down to join?

_survery_  
We will use answers from the other survey, people will not fill it in again.

_todo_
Robin will write script to make sure it ends all in a PDF. Robin en pier will make boek and also eat vegan pizza!

- Change message, for big whatsapp group. also new message for signal group

### end ant of the year party!

26!!!!! roos will be later, probably around 8.
PIER WILL DESIGN POSTER, THIS ONE can be FUNNY, spread online and a bit in the school. EVERYONE will come!
WE NEED BIERTJE, paid by donators

### domme memes

over de ethisch framework, its like bigfoot?

### TODO

- PIER make poster for end of the year. update poster for tuesday.
- ROBIN write script for form, fix finances., make it possible to donate. Write script for email.
- ROOS, Edit messsages for email and whatsapp group, also edit the page for the workshops.

### MONEY?

We should sell merch next year, to bring in some money. also make it possible to donate. We will be okay till next school year for sure, but with some more money we can spend some more at the beginning of the year.

### next year

Pier should write email to someone who plans in the lessons.
We should make it clear what people can expect from the Union. will probably happen in like august
