+++
date = '2025-06-06T10:21:54+02:00'
draft = false
title = 'Meeting Notes June 5 2025'
summary = 'About the action to hand over our bundle of thoughts to the CvB and moving it to the 17th, a new edition of the newsletter and an ant end party at the end of the school year. '
categories = ['']
tags = ['Workshops']
+++

### Site Rework

Robin reworked site. test version now live on [archive.hkustudentunion.nl]()

### Workshop action

Will be moved to June 17th, 16:00-18:00 to not interfere with HKU4palestine
Todo:

- Poster making: would be nice to keep people in the loop that aren't. but there arent too many people at school. It is kind of a waste of paoer too.
- We cant use the data from the petition because we didnt disclose we would use it for cvb. We Could ask specific people if they had nice asnwers if we can use them. We could also ask for new answers that they can send straight to the CvB. Then it will be updated and more relevant. We should put this in our newsletter.
- Nieuwe Datum aankondigen CvB. Ask for a response.
- We need to gather materialen verzamelen. Write boekje.
- Vidus contact? maybe they can get some media attentione.
- Contact workshops people. they can come and use our virtual mailbox. AKA E-mail.
- Write Doorstuurbericht.
- Document about workshops and what we've been doing.
- MEEMESS
- We need a text for the website
  "Wat is er grappig" - roos

### Next year

We need to start ASAP to contact people from all school, presentation. Pepe at design, Robin at Music%Technologie. Anke van haarlem voor media.

### Newnewsletter?
Would be nice if sent this weekend
- Workshops update, action anouncement, talk about email recieved
- Quilting action
- New website
- New articles that have been written
- WE NEED HELP
- KOM BIJ de UNION
- Talk about past potluck actie.
- Please this time in bcc.
- Building reps, we need someone for janskerkhof.
- Mention end thing

### Representatives

Make new website on contact.,

### End Party

We want an ant party if you know what i mean , i mean ENd party but end party. to celebreate the end of the year., In een park chillen.

### How can we get more people to help organise? 

Right now we rely on human connection and friendship, hopefully next year people are more likely to join because it is more 'normal' we should try to make the steps as small as possible. So maybe a specific form for people that want to organize.  

### We Need more ANTs

Contact Sylwia voor meer ANTS for on the website. one with a book/archive, one with a typewriter.

### Todo!

- PIER: New poster, send foto with small descritption to robin for representative
- ROOS: finish text workshops, contact sylwia voor meer ants
- ROBIN: New cryptpad for action, mail CvB new date and if they recieved, send messages for representatives and code, write newsletter, finish website and publish. finish contributing webppage. also clean room, post new articles, update finances. 
- Fransisco send update about vidius
- Sylwia: Draw 2000000000 ants
