<!doctype html>
<html
  lang="en-us"
  dir="ltr"
>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
<meta link rel="stylesheet" href="/themes/HSU_HugoTheme/assets/css/main.css" />
<link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico">
<title>
  Meeting Notes May 29 2025 | HKU Student Union
</title>

      <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.min.bd9aa4dff8322d708415344a53c683368fc94188f335bf80a8b48a856971d87b.css" integrity="sha256-vZqk3/gyLXCEFTRKU8aDNo/JQYjzNb&#43;AqLSKhWlx2Hs=" crossorigin="anonymous">
 
        <script src="/js/main.7ec1a7c7da676988ce3c8b9ffc3b59fa3e72aba50402b23e310ad38008f47753.js" integrity="sha256-fsGnx9pnaYjOPIuf/DtZ&#43;j5yq6UEArI&#43;MQrTgAj0d1M=" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>


  </head>
  <body>
 
<header>
  
    
      <a href="/archive" style="color: black; flex: 2">ARCHIVE</a>

  
  <a href="/archive/log">Log</a> 
  
  <a href="/archive/meetingnotes">Meeting Notes</a> 
  
  <a href="/archive/newsletters">Newsletters</a> 
  
  <a href="/archive/events">Events</a> 
  


<a href="/" style="flex: 1"
  ><img
    src="/img/HKU_StudentUnion_Logo.png"
    alt="Hsu Logo"
    width="100%"
    height="100%"
/></a>

    
  
</header>


    <div class="fullpage">
      <main>

<h1>Meeting Notes May 29 2025</h1>
 

<section> <div class="f_summary">About the workshop policy and a follow-up email to the CvB, planning an action for the workshops, discussed next school year and how to introduce the new first years to the Union,</div> </section>


<hr> 
<p>Attendees: Pier, Stella, Roos, Anke, Robin</p>
<h4 id="workshops">workshops</h4>
<p>The CvB finally responded to our mail, it was disappointing. We wrote down some keypoints that should be in our email back to them. Robin will write it today/tomorrow.</p>
<p>We will organize an action on the 13th of june @nieuwekade 16:00-18:00. We will let students/teachers write thoughts/worries in a book together with responses from the petition. Goal is to mobilize using a poster and through whatsappgroups, and to start spreading the word before the 4th of June.</p>
<p>It is important to have an article ready about the workshops on our website before we spread the word, roos will start writing. We also want to be able to inform the people of what we&rsquo;ve been doing at the same time.</p>
<h4 id="other-actions-and-more-articles">Other actions and more articles.</h4>
<p>big issue we&rsquo;re facing is that the students are not well informed, that&rsquo;s a thing to focus on right now. We were discussing some possible actions/goals.</p>
<ul>
<li>A sit in at every location, about institutional racism and Palestine. We need to write an article on how racism in general and the genocide in palestine are linked (Luka/Francisco?). Goal is to inform students at other locations about racism on hku and show our faces as the union, and also keep informing students about palestine</li>
<li>4 poster action was put on hold before, but plan is to make 4 posters with different subjects and mass spread them around the schools at the same time. Could be this year, or the start of next school year. The subjects are Hku complicity in genocide in palestine, the lack of transparancy of the CvB and decisions made on the school, institutional racism, and the fear of speaking out on the school about subjects like racism and palestine.</li>
<li>Big tech usage of the school, we changed to microsoft mail. Not good with our data in the hands of trump. Teachers of Music and Technology spread a letter around the IBB. Robin is in contact with them.</li>
<li>Stella talked with ukrainan students that felt left out, we should try to also make them feel heard. Could also work with the big tech action since trump is putting sanctions on Ukraine.</li>
</ul>
<h4 id="next-school-year">Next school year</h4>
<p>We talked about things that need to happen before the start of the school year, it is important to show our faces in the first week of school and give a presentation about us and why they should join. We thought it would be best to do this in the first week instead of the introduction, because there is alsreadya lot of info in the introduction week, and the students heads will probably be full. But during the first week of school it might be harder to recieve some time to talk to the students.<br>
The presentation should focus more on the community aspect rather than the activism aspect, since the students don&rsquo;t know anything of the school yet.</p>
<h4 id="other-stuff">Other stuff</h4>
<p>We talked about representatives of buildings, this is not a lot of work but rather a face that people can recognise. these will be added to the website with a foto. We need someone for janskerkhof. IBB, Pastoe, Oudenoord, and Mariaplaats are covered.</p>
<p>The website will be updated with these new articles. Currently working on a place for all our stuff like meeting notes, activity logs, email correspondence, finance reports, presentations, whatever. This is important for being a lot more transparent.</p>
 
 </main>
      <footer><img src="/img/mier1.png" alt="" height="50px">



<div id="breadcrumbs">
  <a href="/">HKU Student Union</a> >
  <a href="/archive/">Archive</a> >
  <a href="/archive/meetingnotes/">Meetingnotes</a> >
    <a href="/archive/meetingnotes/meetingnotes_052925/">Meeting Notes May 29 2025</a>
</div>

</footer>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
